1. you’ll have the opportunity to work on a variety of challenges to help us scale. You'll be part of a small team, who are leveraging data to fix technical hiring. Your day to day, will include a mix of dataset acquisition, statistical modeling, exploratory data analysis, and software engineering. You’ll report directly to Triplebytes' Head of Machine Learning and will work alongside a team of 6-8 machine learning engineers and data scientists.* Psychometrics* Recommender systems* Time series analysis* Survival analysis* Bayesian inference* Probabilistic programmingThis is an ideal role for a data scientist who wants the scope and responsibility to own features/products from the inception and research phase through to measuring real-world results.2. * Build and maintain scalable and reliable near real time data pipeline on cloud that collects, transforms, loads and curates data from various internal and external data sources* Own data quality for the pipelines you build and make them auditable* Evaluate new technologies and build prototypes for continuous improvements in Data Engineering* Partner with Infrastructure and Engineering teams to ensure instrumentation, logging and monitoring is in place* Work with various stakeholders to help define and maintain event schemas needed for Data pipeline* Collaborate with Product, Engineering, QE, Design to build Data products* Communicate effectively w/engineers & stakeholders* Bachelor's degree in CS, EE or MIS; or equivalent experience* Strong Software Engineering skills* Understanding of Data Engineering and Distributed Systems* 2+ years of programming experience in Python, Java and/or Scala* 2+ years of programming experience with SQL (MySQL, Redshift, etc)* A team player, fast learner, with a focus on getting things done* Experience with AWS and/or GCP* Experience with Big Data technologies such as HBase, Kafka, etc.3. You are a passionate software engineer who is comfortable working across the full stack & lifecycle of predictive data products - prototyping, feature engineering, validation, and productionalization.* Collect and refine structured and unstructured data on private companies* Build out our entity resolution platform that can identify references to companies, brands and products in highly unstructured digital documents and link them back to real world entities* Build scalable production systems for data collection, data transformation, feature extraction, model training, and scoring, using distributed software tools* Build end to end algorithms for objectively measuring the quality of private consumer companies* Contribute to all phases of algorithm development including ideation, prototyping, design and production* Bachelor's degree or higher in Computer Science, Information retrieval, Natural Language processing, Math, Statistics or related technical field* 2+ years of experience in machine learning, NLP and/or information retrieval* Broad knowledge of machine learning APIs, tools, and open source libraries* Excellent coding skills and strong fundamentals in algorithms, data structures, predictive modeling and big data concepts* Experience putting models into production systems is a huge plus4· Design, improve, and manage datasets· Support technical design and implementation of demand planning automation projects that use these datasets· Monitor and enforce data quality standards· Hands-on coding, able to implement what was designed· Familiar with architecting and designing tools, and self-motivated for documentation· Optimize pipeline performance to reduce data lag and refresh time· 3+ years of experience working in data architecture or a related field· 3+ years of Python Experience· Web framework experience· Experience building and optimizing data sets· Deep understanding of data architecture best practices such as normalizing data structures, minimizing logic complexity, defining intuitive and consistent semantic layers, and eliminating redundancy· Self-motivated and strong work ethic for continuous development with a strong sense of ownership· Master’s degree in Computer Science or Data Science or work equivalent experience· Experience with ROS· Web development experience· Hands-on experience in dev-ops best practices and implementations· Demonstrated industry efficiency in the fields of database, data warehousing or data science5* Data cleaning* Data visualization* Communicating complex data analysis clearly and understandably to people with no statistics or programming background* Translating insights into actionable items to drive decision making across the organization* Finding and creating opportunities for business growth through data analysis and modeling* Design and build data deliverables across multiple contexts* Minimum 2 years working professionally as a Data Analyst* Strong knowledge of SQL* Strong knowledge of a data manipulation language such as Python or R* Strong curiosity of finding areas to create value for the business, and leveraging data to support actionable insights* Experience building reports and visualizing data with BI and reporting frameworks such as Tableau, Plotly, or Data Studio* Experience with NoSQL databases (MongoDB/Cassandra) a plus* Working knowledge of ETLs, prior experience in building ETL pipelines a plus* You have a desire to contribute to a rapid-growth, high-potential start-up* Bachelor’s Degree in a quantitative field6. * Work with stakeholders in Growth, Marketing and Product to understand data and make decisions* Develop standardized dashboards and ad hoc reports to inform decision making* Validate data and ensure that we make accurate decisions* Design ETLs and data warehouse for efficiency and reusability* Oversees the design and structure of all intermediate computations* Develops and oversees standard methods for combining multiple data streams, even when the data is incomplete or two streams conflict with each other* Peer reviewing the designs and work of other analysts* Mentoring junior analysts* Creating a culture of best practices and quality* Masters in Statistics, Math, Computer Science or other quantitative field (or equivalent experience)* Comfortable with experimental design* Knowledge of statistics* SQL skills* Extremely attentive to detail, data accuracy, and quality of output* Pythons Skill* Experience with a columnar DB, Redshift preferred* Experience with MySQL* Machine learning skills a plus* 5+ years of experience7As a Data Scientist at Grammarly, you will help our team make better decisions by advocating for data-driven approaches across the organization. Your analysis will contribute to our strategy across the business in areas such as user acquisition, engagement, retention, and more.* Within your first month, you will start developing a good understanding of the overall data-processing pipeline, understand a subset of Grammarly's key metrics, and complete at least two small data reports to present to relevant business owners.* By month three, you will become an expert user of our analytical tools, start contributing to the Data Science team's projects, understand all of Grammarly's key metrics, and independently work on small-to-medium-complexity data projects (including A/B tests, channel analysis, and user engagement).* By month six, you will start working independently on complex data projects, such as user segmentation, short- and long-term user-engagement analysis, and lifetime value projections.* By year one, you will become the go-to person and subject-matter expert for a few of Grammarly's key metrics, own and drive projects independently with minimal supervision, and along with our other Data Scientists, ensure "data science excellence" at Grammarly (dashboards, high-quality reports, empowered teams, etc.).* Embodies our EAGER values—is ethical, adaptable, gritty, empathetic, and remarkable.* Holds a PhD in a quantitative field or a masters in a quantitative field and has at least 3 years of experience working as a data scientist.* Has experience in data analysis, A/B testing, retention tracking, etc. (consumer product experience is preferred).* Is proficient in data mining and statistics.* Has experience with SQL as well as experience programming in Python, R, Scala, or an equivalent language.* Has strong analytical and critical thinking skills as well as a strong bias toward actionable insights; loves finding insights and getting others to act on them.* Is a self-starter with superior organizational and prioritization skill8• Establish scalable, efficient, automated processes for data analyses, model development, validation and implementation• Work closely with data scientists and analysts to create and deploy new features• Write efficient and well-organized software to ship products in an iterative, continual-release environment• Monitor and plan out core infrastructure enhancements• Contribute to and promote good software engineering practices across the team• Mentor and educate team members to adopt best practices in writing and maintaining production code• Communicate clearly and effectively to technical and non-technical audiences• Actively contribute to and re-use community best practices• University or advanced degree in engineering, computer science, mathematics, or a related field• Strong experience working with a variety of relational SQL and NoSQL databases• Strong experience working with big data tools: Hadoop, Spark, Kafka, etc.• Experience with at least one cloud provider solution (AWS, GCP, Azure)• Strong experience with object-oriented/object function scripting languages: Python, Java, C++, Scala, etc.• Ability to work in Linux environment• Experience working with APIs• Strong knowledge of data pipeline and workflow management tools• Expertise in standard software engineering methodology, e.g. unit testing, code reviews, design documentation• Experience creating ETL processes that prepare data for consumption appropriately• Experience in setting up, maintaining and optimizing databases for production usage in reporting, analysis and ML applications• Working in a collaborative environment and interacting effectively with technical and non-technical team members equally well• Relevant working experience with Docker and Kubernetes preferred• Ability to work with ML frameworks preferred* Knowledge of CI/CI processes and components* Experience with OKTA and Optimizely9* Apply RL and statistical analysis to complex, real-world problems through massive data sets* Independently design, test, and productionize RL-based experimentation to refine customer strategies* Collaborate with colleagues in product and customer success roles, sharing responsibility throughout the product life-cycle* Ability to explore an unfamiliar and large data sets with big data tools such as Hive or Spark* Present methodology and results to external stakeholders and Fortune 500 clients* Minimum 2 years experience as a Data Scientist, prior software development experience is a plus* Master's or Ph.D. in a relevant technical field (e.g. Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Physics)* Prior experience with RL frameworks such as TensorFlow or Vowpal Wabbit, and Spark is a plus* Machine learning knowledge with a focus on contextual bandits, reinforcement learning, recommender systems, knowledge of common Data Science concepts related to e-commerce (e.g. lifetime value, net incremental revenue, churn) is a plus* Demonstrated ability to communicate and collaborate with peers* Demonstrated skills in result-driven problem solving10* Strong academic credentials with a M.S. in statistics, mathematics, computer science or a related quantitative field of study with a preference for a PhD* Comfort with programming (ideally in Python and R)* Rigorous quantitative background* Predictive modeling experience is preferred* Strong sense of intellectual curiosity balanced with humility* Numerically-savvy with ability to operate at a speedy pace* Enthusiasm for and alignment with Upstart's mission and values11* Research, implement and modify modern Data Science techniques. More specifically:* Build Statistical and Machine Learning models that describe the impact of prices and promotions on shopper behavior, including behavioral pricing effects. You'll need to find middle ground between using flexible modern AI methods and proven classical methods.* Develop Optimization and Experiment Design systems, which determine the best prices to set for each product in each store each week. Finding a good balance on the exploration-exploitation tradeoff will be crucial.* Design and run pricing experiments across hundreds of stores and tens of thousands of products* Create model validation methods to make sure that our models are accurate and to quantify the impact of our solutions on the clients' bottom line* Work with Product Management to generate ideas and quickly turn them into efficient, well-tested, functioning code (we mostly use Python)* Partner with the Engineering team to create highly scalable solutions* Serve as Data Science expert both within Eversight and for our clients* Lead custom analyses and connect them to actionable Business and Product insights* Help prioritize new feature development by assessing potential impact* Be a go-to resource for science-related questions about the product* Analytical, framework thinker* Comfortable in a fast-paced environment* Highly collaborative* Strong at translating Data Science concepts to non-technical audiences* Business focused; measures work in its contributions to business outcomes and prioritizes effort against deliverables accordingly* M.S. in Operations Research, Machine Learning, Statistics, Mathematics, Engineering, Economics, Computer Science or relevant quantitative field* 2+ years of experience in Data Science or Machine Learning. Ph.D. experience accepted* Elite ability in : Linear Algebra, Hypothesis Testing, Bayesian Methods, Regressions, Calculus, Maximum Likelihood Estimation* Experience in Machine Learning methods: Neural Networks (Deep Learning, Embeddings, Sequence Modeling, CNN), Tree-based methods (GBDT, Random Forest), Regressions (Linear, GLM), Regularization Methods (L1/L2 penalties, Feature Selection, Dimensionality Reduction)* Experience in A/B testing and Design of Experiments preferred* Demand Modeling, Pricing, and Causal Inference experience preferred but optional* Knowledge of common data structures and ability to write efficient code in Python* Agile experience preferred12* Query data and provide reports/query results to stakeholders* Manage requests and priorities independently* Provide documentation of queries/inbound requests for future use in improving GBM’s data infrastructure* Create new or improve existing dashboards by adding new metrics to support Business Education and other teams within the company* Communicate with internal stakeholders about dashboards, and provide support about which metrics are available and from where* Understand existing data policy restrictions and determine if queries are possible to run/shareSkills· 4+ years of experience in analytics or similar field· Advanced proficiency in SQL· Experience problem solving and providing business insights and recommendations from data· Ability to manage multiple concurrent projects and drive initiatives in a cross-functional environment· Ability to communicate complex data issues to audiences of different levels of technical expertisePreferred Qualifications· Experience building out large data sets and pipelines· Python or similar scripting experienceEducationMinimum Qualifications· Bachelor’s degree in a technical focus areaPreferred Qualifications· MBA or graduate degree in a quantitative field13* Build out data pipelines that are secure, scalable and reliable. These will include pipelines for both internal and external data sources.* Contribute to the design and implementation of the data warehouse and data lake* Build/Maintain tools that allow users to self serve for access to data.* Work with the team to identify and implement a workflow management framework to deliver data pipelines (i.e. Airflow, Dagster, etc)* 3+ years of data engineering experience* Experience writing ETLs with Python* Worked with batch computing frameworks (i.e. Spark) and workflow managers (Airflow)* Strong engineering background in data infrastructure, and experience working in large open source projects such as Apache Spark.* Experience designing and implementing data models to store large volumes of data* Previous experience developing data pipelines on Kubernetes* Experience implementing resilient services to ingest data from third partie14* Identify strong AI/ML use cases in cloud security, data security and adjacent domains, leveraging Netskope's rich set of data sources;* Define scalable data acquisition and labeling strategy for specific use cases;* Work with data engineers to retrieve, clean and normalize data. Ensure scalable and continuous high-quality data stream;* Work closely with threat research and development team in feature engineering. Make sure high-quality feature sets are chosen in a systematic way;* Select ML models for defined use cases. Implement KPIs to ensure optimal algorithms and results;* Conduct strict internal testing to ensure high efficacy, low false positive and false negative rate;* Interpret results and communicate findings;* Document use case, data acquisition, feature engineering, training, validation, deployment, future improvement opportunity and other important aspects;* Work closely with development and QE team in productization;* Be an evangelist of AI/ML within Netskope. Promote AI/ML wherever applicable, beyond security use cases;* Collaborate with data analytics team to define new platform requirements and continuously improve our horizontally scalable data lake.* First of all, must have true startup spirit. Be willing to wear multiple hats and deliver end-to-end;* Ability of thinking out-of-box and evaluating results based on customer value;* 5+ years of industry experience in applying AI/ML, preferably on well-known security products or services, such as malware detection, anomaly detection, security analytics and data security;* Experience of applying AI/ML in more than one domains highly desirable;* Hands-on experience with relevant technology stacks such as CUDA, Python, R, Spark, Flink, Tensorflow;* Hands-on experience using modern big data pipeline;* Natural language process (NLP) and data mining experience highly desirable;* Security research experience and strong security domain knowledge highly desirable;* Energetic self-starter, with the desire to work in a dynamic fast-paced environment;* Excellent verbal and written communication skills;* Ability to influence without authority* PhD in Computer Science, Statistics, Electrical Engineering or equivalent technical degree.15* Driving adoption of Deep Learning systems into next-generation of C3.ai products.* Designing and deploying Machine Learning algorithms for industrial applications such as fraud detection and predictive maintenance.* Collaborating with data and subject matter experts from C3.ai and its customer teams to seek, understand, validate, interpret, and correctly use new data elements.* MS or PhD in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, Statistics, or equivalent fields.* Applied Machine Learning experience (regression and classification, supervised, and unsupervised learning).* Strong mathematical background (linear algebra, calculus, probability and statistics).* Experience with scalable ML (MapReduce, streaming).* Ability to drive a project and work both independently and in a team.* Smart, motivated, can do attitude, and seeks to make a difference.* Excellent verbal and written communication.* Experience with JavaScript and prototyping languages such as Python and R. Experience with Java and Scala is a plus.* Knowledge in electrical engineering and cyber-physical systems is a plus.* A portfolio of projects (GitHub, papers, etc.) is a plus.16* Modeling and forecasting demand and supply to enable more intelligent matching, optimize the overall marketplace efficiency and provide valuable insights to our merchants and Postmates* Large scale Machine Learning algorithms that powers our Search Ranking models and Personalized Recommendation Engine* Predicting the Postmates Delivery Time (PDT) and improving the dispatching algorithm* Determining the optimal pricing strategies to help our Postmates maximize their revenue* Identifying suspicious transactions and malicious users for risk control* Natural Language Processing to understand text content on Postmates platform, including named entity resolution and recognization of reviews, descriptions and interactions between users on our marketplace* A Bachelor's/Master's degree (or higher) in a technical field (Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Operations Research, Math, Physics, Engineering, etc.) or equivalent work experience required.* minimum of 3+ years of professional experience in Data Science or Applied Machine Learning required* A deep theoretical understanding of modern machine learning algorithms, statistical models, or optimization* Extensive experience with data tools, Python (Pandas, Scipy, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, etc), R, SAS, SQL, etc and strong skills in data analysis, data visualization, and feature engineering* Ability to own your modeling work from model development all the way to production deployment and beyond with minimal help from engineers* Strong communication skills; Explaining complex technical concepts to product managers, data analysts, and other engineers shouldn't be a problem for you* Experience with MapReduce, Spark, Hive, HBase, Google BigQuery, and BigTable* Experience with ML frameworks like Tensorflow, PyTorch, Spark MLlib, XGBoost, and Scikit-Learn17* You'll build models to predict things like conversion and likelihood of churn.* You'll build and maintain KPI dashboards that teams rely on for making key decisions.* You'll collaborate with team leads across the business to understand and support their data needs.* You'll build and improve our underlying data infrastructure and tooling. (We currently use DBT, Snowflake, Mode Analytics, Fivetran, Census, Amplitude, Segment, and more).You might be a fit for this role if...* You've spent meaningful time as a senior data scientist — or even better, you've previously managed a team (there's opportunity to do that here).* You have experience building predictive statistical and machine learning models, and you can build reproducible backtests for proposed models to demonstrate their effectiveness.* You have experience building out data infrastructure which facilitates speed, reliability, and scalability.* You are a SQL expert. You have no problem regularly leveraging window functions, UDFs, self-joins, and other complex SQL functions to accomplish your data analysis goals.* You have a bias for using the right tools to get a job done with maximum efficiency. You are an expert at making tradeoffs between speed and accuracy.* You have strong product sense and user intuition which inform the questions you ask of the data you are analyzing.18* Designing and analyzing experiments to measure the impact of new product features* Investigating high-level questions like "What are the collaborative patterns of the most successful teams using Asana?"* Adding new metrics and aggregations to our data warehouse to make new classes of questions answerable* Building models to predict the growth trajectory of different customer segments* Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Engineering, a related quantitative field, or equivalent experience.* 3+ years of experience in applying data science techniques to drive technical product development and decision-making* Strong technical background in computer science, statistics, math, information science, or another quantitative field* Fluency in at least one modern language useful for data processing (e.g. Python, Scala)* Proficiency with relational data modeling and SQL* Expertise in statistical methods and experimental design and analysis* Experience with distributed data processing systems (e.g. Spark, Redshift)* Background in advanced statistical modeling (e.g. GLM, mixed effects) and/or machine learning19* Build rigorous tools that define success metrics and track Key Performance Indicators(KPI) on a weekly/monthly basis.* Provide access to data through dashboards and other analytical tools to empower through self-service.* Look for opportunities to automate insights through alerting and anomaly detection.* Ad-hoc reporting and analytics for the Sales, Finance, Product, Marketing, and Operations teams.* Implement business intelligence tools like looker/tableau for dashboard reports.* Present findings and recommendations to stakeholders and leadership teams.* Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources.* Subject matter expert: Acting as the subject matter expert on data and insights matters related to Veem.* Data driven mindset with an advanced degree preferred in a quantitative discipline such as Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, or Mathematics.* 4-6 years of relevant analytical work experience in analyzing large, multi-dimensional data sets and synthesizing data insights into actionable recommendations.* Ability to write complex, efficient and eloquent SQL queries to extract data for analysis.* Have a solid understanding of SQL and can use or a willingness to learn R/Python.* Experience working in Looker or Tableau is a plus.* Exceptional written and verbal communication skills to influence cross-functional teams.* Ability to prioritize against competing priorities and good attention to details.* Highly motivated, result-oriented self-starter, enjoy working in a fast-pace environment, and can deliver successful results with minimal guidance.20* Create a compelling vision and strategy for how we will use data as we continue to grow* Teach and mentor others around best practices, and help to foster our data-informed culture at Clever* Proactively conduct quantitative research and analysis of Clever's data that results in actionable insights and recommendations* Partner with product managers, engineers, and marketers to translate business insights into decisions and action* Minimum 5+ years experience in data science and business analytics with a deep understanding of how data can be used to propel a business forward* Expert in SQL and proficient in programming (R, Python, etc)* Experience using data visualization tools (Tableau, Looker, Chartio, etc)* Ability to communicate clearly and effectively to cross functional partners of varying technical levels* Knowledge of statistics and experimental design* A desire to work in a diverse, highly collaborative team environmen21* Work closely with stakeholders to understand their business challenges, scope the problem and develop business case on how to turn data into critical information and knowledge that are actionable and impactful,.* Perform data cleaning, pre-processing, feature engineering and build relevant models to conduct meaningful analysis. Apply appropriate visualisation techniques to communicate the insight effectively. Iterate with the stakeholders to perform subsequent deep dives based on the initial insights.* Depending on the use case, design of dashboards and interactive visualisations as tools for data exploration and storytelling may be expected.* Potentially deployed to other Government Agencies to be their resident Data Scientist. This will involve formulating and implementing strategies to build strong pipeline of impactful projects at the Agency and executing these projects.:* Bachelor Degree in Computer Science, Statistics, Economics, Quantitative Social Science, or related degrees. Advanced degrees preferred. We will also factor in relevant certifications (e.g., Coursera)* Minimum 2 years of relevant working experience, preferably in public sector or data science field* Ability to take a broad, strategic perspective as well as drill deep to understand business needs and challenges* Understand key concepts, techniques and considerations in machine learning and data analytics* Training and relevant experience in one or more of the following areas:* Data science tools such as R, Python* Visual analytics technologies like Tableau, Qlik* Excellent communication skills, both oral and written, with ability to pitch ideas and influence stakeholders* Strong analytical, conceptualisation and problem solving skills* Team player with strong organization and people handling skills* Passion for the use of analytics and data to improve Public Service22* Dive deep on ad recommendation modeling, including conversion rates, bid prices, win rates, and more; even tiny improvements have enormous impact due to our scale* Provide architectural guidance and collaboration with Product and Engineering leadership to shape Vungle's long-term product roadmap for Data Science* Be eager to apply your data science skills generally across a broad range of business and technical problems* Design and execute multivariate testing strategies to inform and improve effectiveness across a variety of user engagement metrics (click-through-rate, retention, etc)* Develop novel machine learning algorithms incorporating contextual, behavioral and biometric response data with an emphasis on creative composition and optimization* Manipulate and analyze large data sets, using a variety of tools and machine learning or statistical techniques* Develop models for sentiment/emotion evaluation/classification including NLP and deep learning approaches* You will make heavy use of Python for analysis* Technologies used: Python, SciPy ecosystem, Apache Spark, Keras/Tensorflow, AWS, SQL, Git* Explain statistical and machine learning concepts to both technical and non-technical audiences* Maintain awareness or relevant research and publications in the field* PhD with 3+ years experience in quantitative discipline with solid grasp of applied probability and statistics, or MS with 6+ years of experience* Experience managing or mentoring Junior- and Senior- level Data Scientists* Strong production level skills applying machine learning to large scale data problems* 3+ years' experience developing statistical models for production applications* 3+ years' professional experience with at least one programming language, such as Python, Java, Scala (we primarily use Python)* Strong understanding of fundamental machine learning concepts and algorithms* Expert in SQL and comfortable with various SQL or noSQL databases, able to stitch together data from multiple sources* Expert in producing and communicating data visualizations and presentations in a professional environment for a range of audiences* PhD or MS work specifically involved in the application of deep learning, machine learning and data science techniques* Prior experience with Spark or Hadoop* Experience with TensorFlow, SparkML and scikit-learn23Must have experience with standard data science packages (numpy, pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, sklearn)• Munge and perform exploratory analysis on large and diverse agronomic datasets as part of building models.• Build and validate predictive models using diverse techniques that include but are not limited to deep learning, machine learning, process modeling, and statistical modeling.• Write robust, well-documented and well-tested research code and code libraries that adhere to community standards and best practices.• Collaborate with team members and across the Science organization to deliver high-quality, reproducible research.Required Qualifications:• PhD with 1 year of experience or MS with 2 years of experience in Data Science, Machine Learning, Statistics, Applied Mathematics, or another highly quantitative discipline.• Strong Python coding skills for data analysis and modeling• Must have experience with standard data science packages (numpy, pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, sklearn).• Demonstrated experience building predictive deep learning, machine learning, simulation, and/or statistical models.• Ability to learn new quantitative domains and modeling techniques.• Self-motivated and able to work independently as well as part of a team.• Strong communication skills for interactions with team members.• Passion for writing well-structured, well-tested, maintainable, performant, and well-documented code, with an emphasis on scientific code.• Experience translating scientific models into code.• Applied experience with agricultural science and/or agricultural datasets.• Experience using tools for big datasets, such as SQL and PySpark.* Expert in core revenue management concepts such as demand forecasting, yield management, pricing, channel optimization, etc, ideally from the hospitality or airline industry.* Experience in utilizing a wide array of datasets to construct models for demand room, revenue forecasting and optimization, possibly including working with constrained inventory models such as hotel rooms, airline seats, or ad tech.* Experience using SQL and statistical computer languages such as R or Python to manipulate data and draw insights from large and complex datasets.* Experience in using data visualization tools such as Tableau for large datasets.* Knowledge of statistical techniques and concepts such as time-series data especially related to hospitality or other "exploding inventory".* Nice to have knowledge of machine learning techniques or experience with machine learning pipelines such as Amazon SageMaker or Azure ML.* An obsession in solving customer problems in revenue management using big data and technology.24* Design processes to transform raw data into actionable business insights, actively establish systems and build tools to make data more accessible to internal and external users* Build vehicle performance dashboards for customers and internal stakeholders using relational database* Work closely with the engineering team to define and collect vehicle data parameters needed to properly analyze fleet performance* Be Motiv's point person for any data related tasks (analysis, visualizations, etc.)* Work cross-functionally with sales, engineering, manufacturing, and customer support to define what data we collect and how it is visualized* Generate fleet performance reports for customers and state/federal incentive programs* BA/BS in a quantitative field such as mathematics, statistics, engineering - or equivalent in experience* 2+ years of experience in data analytics, data cleaning, building user friendly dashboards, and insight generation* Proven history of finding valuable insights from complex sets of data* Ability to successfully work with cross range of teams including engineering, sales and operations* Strong SQL, Python, or equivalent experience* Strong data-visualization and time series analysis skills* Advanced Microsoft skills (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint)* Excellent written and verbal communications across technical and non-technical stakeholders* Results oriented, hands-on mentality, and can-do attitude* Must be an authorized US Citizen25* Building and prototyping algorithms and applications, from research to production, helping millions connect daily through Viber.* Develop algorithms to tackle important business problems that will make immediate business impact on Viber's KPIs* Utilize data mining and machine learning methods to extract insights and drive experience* Own and oversee large scale technical implementation for the Data and Machine learning algorithms* MS/PhD in a relevant technology field (Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, Applied Math, Econometrics)* 5+ years of experience with an emphasis on quantitative research methods (Optimization, Computer Vision, Machine Learning, Natural Language, Data Mining)* Experience in presenting data-focused research to upper management* Strong mentorship and leadership skills with a proven industry track record collaborating with team members on delivering large scale software projects* Demonstrated ability to write clean and performant code in Scala/Java/Python utilizing Spark and the Hadoop ecosystem* Excellent communication skills with the ability to explain complex technical concepts to non-technical stakeholders* Highly self-motivated and able to operate with significant autonomy26* Proactively drive the execution of our data engineering, business intelligence, and data warehouse roadmap* Understand and translate business needs into data models to support long-term, scalable, and reliable solutions* Create logical and physical data models using best practices to ensure high data quality and reduced redundancy* Drive data quality across the organization; develop best practices for standard naming conventions and coding practices to ensure consistency of data models and tracking* Define and manage SLA's for data sets and processes running in production* Continuously improve our data infrastructure and stay ahead of technology* Design a system for data backup in case of system failure* Build strong cross-functional partnerships with Data Scientists, Analysts, Product Managers and Software Engineers to understand data needs and deliver on those needs* 4+ years of experience in Data Engineering and Data Warehousing* Bachelor's degree in a quantitative field, e.g. Computer Science, Math, Physics* Experience scaling data environments with distributed/RT systems and self-serve visualization environments* Advanced proficiency with SQL, Perl, Python, Postgres, REST/GraphQL* Experience designing and implementing cloud based and SaaS data warehouse (e.g. WS, Hadoop, NoSQL) and developing ETL/ELT pipelines* Experience integrating and building data platform in support of BI, Analytics, Data Science, and real-time applications* Strong communication skills, with the ability to initiate and drive projects proactively and accurately* Work full-time in our San Francisco office* Eligible to work in the United States legally27* Dive into our clickstream data to understand user behavior, providing insights to guide product improvement efforts and level up our data architecture* Work closely with the creative, product, data science, and engineering teams to develop new customer-facing initiatives* Provide insights that will enhance our understanding of customer lifetime value* Create and maintain KPI dashboards to support team decision making* Bachelor’s degree or above in a quantitative discipline* At least two years of professional experience in an analytical role* Ability to derive insights from complex data and make recommendations that drive meaningful business impact* Fluent in SQL and advanced proficiency with Excel / Google Sheets.* Strong knowledge of a programming language such as Python, R, or Spark* Knowledge of business intelligence tools Looker and Amplitude or similar* Deep understanding of statistical analysis, and experience with standard techniques including linear regression, time series analysis, experimental design, hypothesis testing, and A/B testing.28* Apply your expertise in quantitative analysis, data mining, and the presentation of data to see beyond the numbers and understand how our users interact with both our consumer and business products* Partner with Product and Engineering teams to solve problems and identify trends and opportunities* Inform, influence, support, and execute our product decisions and product launches* Questions you may be asked to perform:* Forecasting and setting product team goals* Designing and evaluating experiments* Monitoring key product metrics, understanding root causes of changes in metrics* Building and analyzing dashboards and reports* Building key data sets to empower operational and exploratory analysis* 1-3 years of experience in data science and analytics in financial services* Experience in trend analysis, factor based analysis and predictive modeling.* Strong communication skills* Expert knowledge of SQL, python, R* BS in engineering, mathematics, science or equivalent* Advanced degrees* Familiarity with machine learning* Familiarity with Tableau, Looker, PowerBI or other data visualization tools* Ability to work in a dynamic, cross-functional environment, with a strong attention to deta29Conduct data science research including utilizing probabilistic graphical models (PGMs) and Pearson correlation to analyze how each feature in machine learning models impacts the final prediction outcome.Conduct quantitative performance evaluation on models using mean average precision (mAP), F-beta-scores and confusion matrices.Use knowledge of and experience with modern data science and machine learning models including Convolutional Neural Network architectures, Gaussian processes, Random Forests, Support Vector Machines.Build natural language processing models such as Transformer Networks using pre-training methods like XLNet and BERT for sentiment analysis to improve marketing strategy.Utilize Convex Optimization and libraries such as CVXPY for particle tracking applications.Requirements:Master degree in Statistics, Mathematics or related fields plus one year experience in the job offer or 1 year experience as a Machine Learning Statistical Modeling Engineer or related occupation.Requires 1 year of experience using knowledge of and experience with deep learning frameworks including TensorFlow, Pytorch, and Keras to build machine learning and statistical models; using knowledge of and experience with machine learning training experiments on high powered NVIDIA GPU machines and deploy models with Docker using AWS Elastic Container Service (ECS); using knowledge of and experience with Python or Javascript to implement and maintain medium to large scale software projects (10,000+ lines of code); using knowledge of and experience with data and statistics tools including Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-Learn, and Plotly for tasks including data processing, data visualization; Using knowledge of and experience with web development frameworks including React front-end, Django back-end, Jenkins continuous integration, and SQL database.30* Client is in the middle of modernizing many of the IT infrastructure systems and business applications.* Importantly, the District is implementing a new Computer-Aided Dispatch and Automated Vehicle Location (CAD/AVL) system.* All the District 635 buses are equipped with the latest and the greatest mobile edge computing and 4G network devices.* From this new implementation, client will begin to receive larger datasets than before.* The polling rate for the new system for each bus has increased from 1 minute to 15 seconds, bringing in more vehicle location, telemetry data and historical data.* Outside of the primary CAD/AVL data, onboard integration will bring in data from the client Signal Priority, Farebox, Digital Video Recorders, and Automatic Passenger Counter systems.* This new influx of Big Data, Artificial intelligence (AI), Machine learning, and the Internet of Things (IoT) will require a Data Scientist, an architect that will design and implement an infrastructure to handle the influx of huge volume of data.* The candidate will become familiar with the various modules of the new CAD/AVL, as well as data from the existing transit system and Data warehouse to make recommendations on the appropriate data ingestion and integration standards, practices, and tools.* In the intent on sharing data with the public or internally, this position will assist the IT management to implement the data governance plan and open data platform.* The position must have experience in Team Data Science Process (TDSP), moving data to Azure Data Lake and analytics using U-SQL.Required Skills:* This position will require data science skills such as Statistics, Machine Learning, Multivariable Calculus & Linear Algebra, data wrangling & intuition, and data visualization & communication.31* Develop analytics and secure reporting approaches for a high-performing network of mental health providers* Work with product and engineering teams to improve user acquisition, patient adherence, and clinical outcomes* Develop data infrastructure to ingest and integrate multiple data sources, ETL, validate, and create automated reports for clients* Design and build data deliverables across multiple contexts, such as: claims analyses/financial ROI, longitudinal treatment outcomes, provider quality, and risk stratification algorithms* BA/BS in Psychology, Economics, Biology, Biochemistry, or other STEM-related field.* Fluency in R* Strong presentation skills — fluently tell a compelling clinical or business story with data* Strong written communication skills — quickly compose client-facing communications or publications for peer-review* Experience with Git, Python, SQL, parallel/distributed computing, cloud computing, and other data science toolkits* Experience or knowledge of traditional statistics, e.g. measures of central tendency, descriptive statistics, and inferential statistics* Possess the initiative and ability to self-direct projects and solve unconventional problems* Proximity to NYC: minimum 2 days per week in our NY HQ, max 3 days remote* STEM PhD— especially in Applied Sciences (e.g. Biostatistics, Psychiatry, Psychology, Biological Sciences), or 3-4 years of equivalent data analysis experience* Experience using any of the following data: EMR, clinical trials, claims data, longitudinal* Demonstrated passion for, and understanding of, mental illness and broader U.S. healthcare system* Experience programming and testing statistical/machine learning models* Experience using data visualization techniques to present key findings* Ability to quickly and independently pick up concepts and skills* Experience working cross-functionally with operations, product, engineering, and design teams32* Build predictive and/or Machine Learning models in SAS* Research new statistical and mathematical techniques that are suitable and helpful for solving business related problems* Prepare data for modelling and make best/creative use of applicable and available internal or external data* Identifying and integrating new datasets that can be leveraged for modeling efforts* Support related processes around effectively deploying model to business* Effectively communicate results in written, oral and presentation formats to technical and non-technical audiencesQualifications* Bachelor’s degree in statistics, applied mathematics, or related discipline* 3+ years of Data Modeling or similar experience.* Experience with predictive modeling (classification, regression, parameter tuning, optimization criteria, feature selection), preferably with multiple techniques* Experience in model validation techniques, model testing and continuous monitoring of model performance* Experience in Property & Casualty Insurance is strongly preferred.* Demonstrated experience working with large relational data sets.* Working knowledge in SAS, R, Python or another platform to develop and implement predictive models.* Ability and willingness to quickly gain knowledge of SAS enterprise guide and enterprise miner.* Ability to communicate complex technical information in common language to foster teaching and analytics guidance to internal customers.* Advanced experience in analytics, data cleaning, and predictive modeling.* Ability to write queries in SQL.* Detail-oriented and ability to work collaboratively33* 5 years of experience in a data science role, building predictive algorithms and data products ideally related to marketing, business operations, or customer retention* Ability to execute projects from problem formulation to influencing stakeholders.* Excellent understanding of machine learning techniques and algorithms such as decision forests, logistic regression, k-means clustering, etc.* Ability to communicate findings clearly and deep understanding of your current business* Proficiency with Python, SQL, Excel, and data visualization tools (Tableau, Power BI, etc.)* Experience with big data platform (i.e. Hadoop)* Intensely curious – always asking questions and not being OK with the status quo. Obsessed with making things better and more efficient.* A lifelong learner that is excited to learn new data science technologies and apply those to technologies to our business* Ability to be objective and follow the facts, cut through noise and create a story with data.* Strong organizational skills including time and project management* Thrives in a fast-paced environment that is constantly changing* BS/MS in a quantitative field (Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Statistics, etc.)34* Optimize and validate targeting mechanisms for specific health conditions;* Improve and optimize our proprietary contextualization and recommendation engines that handle millions of transactions per second, trillions each month;* Improve and optimize our buying platform to ensure cost efficiency and to deliver ad campaigns within budget, target and time constraints;* Collaborate with internal Health experts to design and support rapid assessment, analysis, and prototyping of ideas for achievable commercialization.* Improve existing or develop new traffic segmentation algorithms and estimations of bid landscapes within each segment;* Optimize real-time bidding strategies to efficiently spend ad budgets delivering campaign targets given various constraints;* Support and enhance the existing work on health user profiling, prediction, and targeting tools;* Improve page contextualizer technology: work with healthcare topics detection algorithms, keywords/phrases extraction, general and aspect-based sentiment analysis;* Contribute on projects relating to patient/physician identity for cross-device tracking, profiling and targeting;* Support existing codebase for data integration and production support for our core models.35Before the dawn of everything internet, insurance was intimate and personal. You walked down the street to chat with your broker, and the risk to your business, your livelihood, was covered with a handshake. Today things are different. The average insurance policy for a mom-and-pop store trades through a dozen different hands and traverses a maze of systems and processes. Few are accountable and fewer know the whole story.Some of the problems you will solve entail understanding data, identifying patterns, quantifying the impact of ML / NLP models and designing data visualizations. We seek a data scientist to help drive a new digital AI product team on a mission to unlock the potential of data and identify new opportunities.As one of the founding members of a small, multi-disciplinary team of technologists, designers and product managers, you’ll have the freedom to make key product decisions without much oversight, and the tools and resources to build and ship ideas quickly. You’ll be a part of a startup-like environment, with the opportunity to have more control and leadership; in a company with thousands of existing customers.* You want to use your statistical, scientific, and engineering training to craft and deploy models to transform one of the most entrenched industries.* You paint with plots and your models don’t keep secrets.* Image recognition is no longer an innovation to you, instead it is a routine task.* NLP isn’t a foreign acronym and you’ve gone from strings to whiskers.* You sail smooth in Python and always have sklearn, tensorflow, keras and pytorch on deck.* K-means more than a curt text and Logit and Probit are not Hobbit characters.* You have experience with relational databases such as PostgreSQL, Oracle or SQL Server, and maybe even Hadoop, Hive, Spark or Redshift.* You strive to learn the newest and greatest techniques where BERT/ELMo are not just Sesame Street© characters.* The foundation for advanced analytics at a global company.* The roadmap of projects you’ll work on that tie directly to business goals and objectives.* Manage the entire lifecycle of data projects from strategic planning to tactical activities (data collection, cleanup, analysis, model implementation).* Sourcing new data for a firm that rarely scrapes, pulls or pushes.* Facilitate communication throughout the development process between executive stakeholders, your users and technical teams.* Coordinate and build strong working relations with various internal stakeholder groups, including IT, engineering, and legal.Minimum Qualifications* Degree in computer science, engineering, mathematics, statistics, data science or a related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.* 3 years of work experience in data science or related field.* Experience with statistical modeling using R, Python, or similar statistical languages.* In depth knowledge of advanced models such as generalized linear models, penalized regression models, tree based models and neural networks* Proven track record building business-practical models and implementing them into production.* Familiarity with Pandas, Numpy, Scikit-learn, Keras, Tensorflow, Pytorch* Experience with data architecture and management (PostgreSQL, Hadoop, Oracle, Hive, Spark36Support all clients model building needs, including maintaining and improving current modeling/scoring methodology and processes,· Provide innovative solutions to customized modeling/scoring/targeting with appropriate ML/statistical tools,· Provide analytical/statistical support such as marketing test design, projection, campaign measurement, market insights to clients and stakeholders.· Mine large consumer datasets in the cloud environment to support ad hoc business and statistical analysis,· Develop and Improve automation capabilities to enable customized delivery of the analytical products to clients,· Communicate the methodologies and the results to the management, clients and none technical stakeholders.· Advanced degree in Statistics/Mathematics/Computer Science/Economics or other fields that requires advanced training in data analytics.· Being able to apply basic statistical/ML concepts and reasoning to address and solve business problems such as targeting, test design, KPI projection and performance measurement.· Entrepreneurial, highly self-motivated, collaborative, keen attention to detail, willingness and capable learn quickly, and ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high pressure environment.· Being flexible to accept different task assignments and able to work on a tight time schedule.· Excellent command of one or more programming languages; preferably Python, SAS or R· Familiar with one of the database technologies such as PostgreSQL, MySQL, can write basic SQL queries· Great communication skills (verbal, written and presentation)· Experience or exposure to large consumer and/or demographic data sets.· Familiarity with data manipulation and cleaning routines and techniques.37* Conduct action-oriented research using statistics and data science methods* Collaborate with Engineering to define, deploy, and report on AB experiments that drive customer retention via personalization* Partner with UX Research to understand user thinking and behavior* Partner with Product and Design to come up with and launch customer-centric ways of collecting new actionable signals* Bring an understanding of best practices in recommendation systems, to both the backend and user-facing frontend* Report on the performance of your work and our personalization algorithm* 2+ years in data science, product management, research, or related role* Data science toolkit including regressions, predictive modeling, R/Python* SQL querying skills* Experience working with engineers and/or designers* Ability to explain complex concepts clearly* Highly detail-oriented and organized* A love of learning and the ability to keep up with a frequently changing environment38* You will cross-functionally collaborate with the Performance and Creative teams to understand our business then build machine-learning models to uncover trends and optimize performance* You will build scalable clustering, customer lifetime value, and churn models to help clients maximize long-term profitability* You will build and maintain data pipelines internal and external teams rely on for making key decisions* You will build and improve our underlying data infrastructure (we currently use Fivetran, GCP/BigQuery, and dbt as our analytics stack)* You have professional SQL experience and understand the benefits of columnar storage* You have familiarity with git and the command line* You know how to write object-oriented Python* You have experience building machine learning models for both structured (decision-trees, linear regression, etc) and unstructured data (Computer Vision, NLP)* You understand the benefits of dbt for data transformations* You have the desire to learn Microservice Architecture (Docker and Kubernetes)* You are naturally curious and embrace failure as you learn new technologies* You have an obsession with accuracy* You have excellent listening and collaboration skills39* Analyzes data, as well as contributes to the design, implementation, and delivery of analytics products and services.* Builds predictive models, tools, and data visualizations.* Oversees and/or leads research development project and data science project plans for clients and internal initiatives.* Strives to support team excellence by documenting processes and evangelizing new approaches.* At least 4 years working in a quantitative production environment or a postgraduate degree in a quantitative field.* Advanced understanding of a statistical programming language such as R, Python, or Julia.* Experience building predictive models using regression and machine learning techniques.* Ability to manipulate data with SQL.* Proven experience creating analytics output within a production-oriented team.* Ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to a non-technical audience, both in writing and verbally.* Publications, working papers, or conference presentations in a quantitative field.* Experience managing diverse, multi-disciplinary teams and mentoring staff.* Knowledge of experimental design and causal inference.* Ability to create user interfaces for new products using frameworks such as Shiny or Django.* Experience with GIS.* Experience creating informative and engaging data visualizations using industry leading tools.40* experience and technical skills/knowledge of Advanced Analytics and Data Science is very preferred* You must have strong technical skills of Python and SQL.* You have strong empirical and analytical background, either demonstrated through coursework or original research* You have demonstrated the ability to combine quantitative and qualitative findings in order to frame the right questions and deliver actionable insights* You are a lateral thinker, who constructively challenges the obvious answer in order to examine the underlying mechanisms or phenomenon* You believe collaboration and effective communication are critical to achieving goalsAdditionally, the following background and experience is preferred:* Recent graduate or currently graduating Masters or PhD of a science (e.g. mathematics, physics, engineering, statistics, data science, ML, etc.)* Ability to present complex analyses and insights effectively in simple terms* Experience with both descriptive and inferential statistics ability to build basic prototype models* Background in ecommerce product experience either through prior research or work experience* Experience with site experimentation (A/B testing), econometrics, or casual inference a plus41Present the latest academic research papers to your team.Research and benchmark the latest algorithms that can be used for our particular use-cases.machine learning algorithms and statistical techniques to build new product features.Deploy a new feature to production, instantly affecting customers with your work.Mentor other data scientists on your team.Explore and find meaning in extremely high volumes of data.Investigate and fix a production issue from a service your team owns.You have 2 + years professional experienceYou are fluent with SQL / relational algebra.You have mastered working with data in a language such as Python, R, or Julia.Youve done data science at high scale with tools like Hadoop and Spark.You have backend programming experience in one or more languages.You have significant experience applying machine learning to real business problems.You want to work in a fast, high-growth startup environment and thrive on autonomy.You care about code simplicity and performance.You have a BS/MS/PhD in a scientific field or equivalent experience.You can explain complex ideas and algorithms in understandable ways.Youve written production data pipelines.Youre familiar with time series analysis.42* Devise, research, test and develop new ways that use our data to build long lasting relationships for some of the biggest brands in the world, impacting the lives of millions of users.* Build and improve resilient and scalable models for both batch and real-time services.* Evaluate and test the tradeoffs between competing machine learning models, methodologies and architectures.* Work alongside awesome engineers in an agile environment, constantly striving to be more innovative and efficient.* You have an innate curiosity to find and explore business problems using data and understand best ways to extract real world value from your insights.* You are self driven and prepared to work in a fast paced startup environment.* You are passionate about leveraging the best of breed technology/methodologies and eager to learn new skills.* You write professional level Python on a daily basis (R additionally a plus).* You are skilled at writing and optimizing SQL (core application DBs use MySQL Google BigQuery).* You have a degree in statistics, mathematics, computer science, economics, or another quantitative field and 2+ years experience in a data science role.* Startup and SaaS experience strongly preferred* Previous experience building models for subscription products* Previous e-commerce experience a bonus* You ideally have experience with Apache Airflow* You understand at least one Python-based web framework (Django, Flask etc)* You have hands-on experience with Google Cloud Platform43A data scientist at Avalara will be responsible for gathering business requirements, understanding complex product, business and engineering challenges, compose and prioritize research projects and then execute them in partnership with other data scientists, data analysts as well as leverage the work of our data engineering team.Have direct ownership of corporate metrics, ensure accuracy, timeliness and intent of all published data products within area of ownership by our team and all other teams within the company. Have executive visibility and influence capability.Strong communication skills, data driven product and corporate excellence culture a must.Experience with requirements of data security, data privacy and legal / jurisdictional compliance and governance a must.* Build a long term 'data analytics stack' for Avalara. Work with the product managers, DBA teams and broader engineering teams build scalable data orchestration, transformation and reporting streams that can capture and prepare billions of transactions per day for customer reporting.* Build strong and captivating data visualizations in PowerBI/Tableau Experience building powerful dashboards which are embedded in web and mobile applications is a major plus.* Practice/Implement data security, encryption and masking policies across various data sets and data sources.* Develop and manage end-to-end project plans and ensure on-time delivery.* Communicate status and big picture to the project team and management.* Work with business and engineering teams to identify scope, constraints, dependencies, and risks.* Identify risks and opportunities across the business and drive solutions.* 3+ years combined in data engineer, business intelligence and in-app embedded analytics.* Advanced SQL, scripting (Python or R) and advanced data visualization experience a must.* Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or Engineering* Experience managing efforts in distributed systems and/or developing large scale web applications* Proven ability to combine business acumen, technical acumen and process expertise to define client (internal/external) engagement and program execution* Ability to communicate effectively with technical and non-technical stakeholders across multiple business units* Excellent problem-solving skills44Job Description: Manipulate large volumes of data, create new and improved techniques and/or solutions for data collection, management and usage. Drive the collection of new data and the refinement of existing data sources. Design and help implement data engineering for task automation. Apply statistical concepts and techniques to analyze experiments and user behavior. Work with stakeholders, product managers, developers and other stakeholders to develop and review designs and business requirements to analyze and streamline data.Minimum Requirements:EDUCATION: Masters degree or foreign equivalent degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Information Systems, Statistics, or a related field.EXPERIENCE: Two years of data analysis and/or data management experience with Python, SQL, SAS, R, MATLAB or another statistical programming language.SPECIFIC SKILLS: Education or Experience in: AI; TensorFlow; Multi-Dimensional Image Analysis; Pattern Recognition; PyTorch; Computer Vision; and Image Segmentation.Multiple job openings. Qualified candidates must meet the minimum requirements for the position.45you will support the Operation Services organization and contribute to Starbuckssuccess by guiding business decisions through utilizing data analysis andconsulting that results in predicting outcomes, understanding complex datarelationships, and developing a quantitative return on investment. This position partners on a cross-functionalteam of data scientists, decision scientists and data analysts supportingstrategic initiatives utilizing the latest in computing technologies andoperating across customer transactions and data elements to unlock theopportunities to support our global business.* Use statistical, machine learning techniques to build models thataddress business needs.* Extract data from various data sources; performs exploratory dataanalysis, cleanses, massages, and aggregates data* Collaborate cross functionally with other data scientists,statisticians, and business analysts to define business problems and implementsolutions.* Employ scaling & automation to data preparation techniques* Connectinsights to business decision making options and next steps testing or researchopportunities* Understand business initiatives and serves as primary analyticresource in discussions with business partners to define business questions* Drivecreation of final insights package and recommendations; leads presentation* Directanalytic component of implementation of insights into business processes andensures appropriate testing takes place* Developproject proposals, gains stakeholder buy-in, and ensures timelines are met* Promoteand advocate value of advanced analytics to solve business problems withindepartment* Education: BS with concentration in quantitative discipline -Stats, Math, Comp Sci, Engineering, Econ, Quantitative Social Science orsimilar discipline* Minimum of 2 years industry experience in data science* Strong background working with predictive and statistical modeling,machine learning and strong expertise in all phases of the modeling pipeline* Experience building complex data sets from multiple data sources,both internally and externally.* Strong SQL, databases and ETL skills required including cleaningand managing data.* Advanced competency and expertise in Python, R or some combination* Ability to apply knowledge of multidisciplinary businessprinciples and practices to achieve successful outcomes in cross-functionalprojects and activities* Ability to educate others on statistical / machine learningmethods* Self-starter, attention to details and results orientated, able towork under minimal guidance.* Proficient in communicating effectively with both technical andnontechnical stakeholders.* Retail and eCommerce experience, preferred* Experience on Cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, preferred* Experience working with distributed data processing frameworkssuch as Spark and Data bricks, and languages such as Java, PySpark or Scala, preferred46•Database development and management including writing processing code and documentation of procedures.•Developing, quality checking, and distributing complex data sets to be used in epidemiological and spatial analyses.•Under the guidance of experienced scientists, performing spatial modeling and/or statistical analyses.•Conducting research on new data management and data processing tools and ways to implement them•Processing and manipulating various types of geographic data and air pollution measurement data•Automating dataset retrieval from online archives•Attending and contributing in regular data team and project meetings.Bachelor’s degree in computer science, statistics, biostatistics, geography, epidemiology, or related field. At least two years of professional experience in developing code in R and experience using collaborative software development tools such as Git. Other requirements include a demonstrated facility with analytic tasks, proper application of statistical methods, a strong quantitative aptitude, attention to detail, and the ability to interpret complex analytic information.Equivalent education/experience will substitute for all minimum qualifications except where there are legal requirements such as license/certification/registration.•Master’s degree in computer science, statistics, biostatistics, geography, epidemiology, or related field. At least three years of professional experience in developing code in R and experience using collaborative software development tools such as Git.•Previous experience using, building, and/or maintaining MySQL and/or PostgreSQL databases of quantitative information, including experience with relational database design and normalization•Demonstrated adoption of best practices for data management and software development in a production environment•Experience conducting sophisticated statistical analyses•Five or more years experience with R, SAS, SQL, and/or Python•An interest in public health research including impacts of air pollution on health.47* Require the minimum of a bachelors degree in Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Data Science, Business Administration or Business Analytics.* You would have to strike a balance between critical thinking and actual hands-on analyses using tools & packages such as SQL, R, Python, Tableau etc.* You possess super strong technical skills to turn big data in Teradata and Hadoop into actionable insights. At the same time, you also have the ability to think about the big picture and connect the dots to evaluate how the insights impact eBays ecosystem.* In addition to delivering insights on existing Product & Tech initiatives, you will come up with creative product growth opportunities based on insights, and build momentum through influence.* Enthusiastic collaboration and effective communication are essential* Proven track record of turning insights into product growth opportunities in prior roles with increasing scope and responsibilities* Ability to present complex analyses and insights effectively in simple terms* Good experience with both descriptive and inferential statistics ability to build basic prototype models* Experience in a leading technology company* Background in ecommerce product experience* Masters degree is a plus.* Experience with site experimentation (A/B testing) is a plus48You are an individual with outstanding analytical abilities, excellent communication skills, and are comfortable working with cross-functional teams and systems. You will be responsible for researching, prototyping, experimenting, and analyzing predictive models.· Research and develop new methodologies for demand forecasting and price modeling.· Improve upon existing methodologies by adding new data sources and implementing model enhancements.· Drive scalable solutions.· Create and track accuracy and performance metrics (both technical and business metrics).· Create, enhance, and maintain technical documentation, and present to other scientists, engineers and business leaders.· Drive best practices on the team; mentor and guide junior members to achieve their career growth potential.· PhD or equivalent Master's Degree plus 4+ years of experience in a quantitative field.· Strong analytical skills.· 2+ years of experience of building predictive models for business and proficiency in model development and model validation.· Experience in efficiently handling large data sets, e.g., by using SQL, and databases in a business environment.· Experience with R, Python, Matlab or other scripting languages.49* Build long term product vision and strategy and scope out the area for the team* Generate product ideas that affects millions of users to connect real time* Understand the complex E2E real time infrastructure system and identify the bottlenecks and opportunities* Build and validate the hypothesis of product ideas and infrastructure improvements* Leverage data to inform the right business decision, such as designing how to evaluate the product performance and whether they should be launched* 5+ years of hands-on data science experience, Data analysis skill, willing to get your hands dirty with data* Expert knowledge of SQL, Python, R* Experience on working with multiple cross functional partners and influence decision making based on data* Experience initiating and drive projects to completion with minimal guidance* Experimentation- AB testingPreferred Qualifications:* Educational background in Computer Science, Math, Physics, Engineering, or related quantitative field* Expert in experimentation* Experience with large data sets and distributed computing (Hive/Hadoop)* Exposure to large scale infrastructure systems, comfortable with technical discussion50Work with the Data Science team to develop machine learning models for customers.• Use analytical methods to assess and improve models.• Researching new features and data sources for model improvement.• Work with the sales team to present analysis of model performance to customers.• Make improvements to the model creation pipeline (Python & Spark).• Assist in cleaning and structuring data.• Experience with creating machine learning models for use in an economics context.• Excellent written and verbal communication skills for coordinating across teams.• Significant experience extracting insights from large data sets.• Experience testing hypotheses or models for accuracy against new data sets.• Experience using computer languages to manipulate and process data.• Significant data science experience, ideally including an advanced degree in a data-heavy quantitative field.• Experience with Python.• Experience with Apache Spark is a plus.51* proficient in Python* Expertise in working with at least one deep learning framework, for example, PyTorch, Torch, TensorFlow, Caffe* Working knowledge of C/C++* Machine learning courses or equivalent practical machine learning experienceAs a Machine Learning Engineer on this team, you will use your background to:* Design machine learning models for a wide range of AI applications including computer vision, NLP, speech recognition* Train ML models to achieve state-of-the-art accuracy* Design and train efficient ML model for the purpose of deployment on device* Collaborate with other engineers to enable Apple products with efficient and accurate ML solutionsMaster's or PhD in Computer Science or a related field* A track record in delivery of ML projects for products